---
bpm_rank: 27
draft_bust_list: '<ul>

  <li>Drafted Allen Iverson with 1th pick but was worth 3th pick.</li>

  <li>Drafted Mark Hendrickson with 31th pick but was worth 47th pick.</li>

  </ul>'
draft_description: This executive has only drafted 2 players and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 2
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 108504
draft_total_grade_bpm: A-
draft_total_grade_vorp: A-
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 80
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 80
draft_total_vorp: 43
draft_win_list: '<ul>

  </ul>'
end_year: 1997
final_bpm: 90400
final_vorp: 42
href: greenbr99x
is_active: false
name: Brad Greenberg
signing_description: 'Brad Greenberg ranks in the 5th percentile for free agency signings
  among executives in our database. '
signing_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Signed Mark Davis in 1996.</li>

  <li>Signed Doug Overton in 1996.</li>

  <li>Signed Don MacLean in 1996.</li>

  </ul>'
signing_num_players: 12
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: 25
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: 7
signing_rating_bpm: -1
signing_rating_grade_bpm: F
signing_rating_grade_vorp: F
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: 3
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: 5
signing_rating_vorp: 0
signing_total_bpm: -18104
signing_total_grade_bpm: C
signing_total_grade_vorp: F
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 48
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 9
signing_total_vorp: -1
signing_win_list: null
start_year: 1996
team:
- Philadelphia 76ers
team_shortcode:
- PHI
trade_description: This executive hasn't traded any players, and thus doesn't have
  a trade grade.
trade_lose_list: null
trade_num: 0
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: 0
trade_total_grade_bpm: C
trade_total_grade_vorp: B-
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 48
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 60
trade_total_vorp: 0
trade_win_list: null
---