---
bpm_rank: 87
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive hasn't drafted any players, and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 0
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 0
draft_total_grade_bpm: D+
draft_total_grade_vorp: D+
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 34
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 34
draft_total_vorp: 0
draft_win_list: null
end_year: 1995
final_bpm: -19841
final_vorp: -4
href: gregoed99x
is_active: false
name: Ed Gregory
signing_description: This executive has only made 2 signings in free agency and thus
  doesn't have a signing grade.
signing_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Signed Tim Legler in 1995.</li>

  </ul>'
signing_num_players: 2
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: null
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_vorp: null
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: null
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_vorp: null
signing_total_bpm: -1106
signing_total_grade_bpm: B+
signing_total_grade_vorp: D-
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 73
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 23
signing_total_vorp: 0
signing_win_list: null
start_year: 1995
team:
- Golden State Warriors
team_shortcode:
- GSW
trade_description: This executive has only made one trade and thus doesn't have a
  trade grade.
trade_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Added Donyell Marshall to GSW.</li>

  <li>Lost Tom Gugliotta to MIN.</li>

  </ul>'
trade_num: 2
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: -18736
trade_total_grade_bpm: D
trade_total_grade_vorp: C-
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 29
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 45
trade_total_vorp: -4
trade_win_list: null
---