---
bpm_rank: 64
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive hasn't drafted any players, and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 0
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 0
draft_total_grade_bpm: D+
draft_total_grade_vorp: D+
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 34
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 34
draft_total_vorp: 0
draft_win_list: null
end_year: 2009
final_bpm: -914
final_vorp: 0
href: stackji99x
is_active: false
name: Jim Stack
signing_description: This executive hasn't signed any players, and thus doesn't have
  a signing grade.
signing_lose_list: null
signing_num_players: 0
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: null
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_vorp: null
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: null
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_vorp: null
signing_total_bpm: 0
signing_total_grade_bpm: B+
signing_total_grade_vorp: D-
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 79
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 21
signing_total_vorp: 0
signing_win_list: null
start_year: 2008
team:
- Minnesota Timberwolves
team_shortcode:
- MIN
trade_description: This executive has only made one trade and thus doesn't have a
  trade grade.
trade_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Added Bobby Brown, Shelden Williams to MIN.</li>

  <li>Lost Calvin Booth, Rashad McCants to SAC.</li>

  </ul>'
trade_num: 4
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: -914
trade_total_grade_bpm: C-
trade_total_grade_vorp: C+
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 45
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 56
trade_total_vorp: 0
trade_win_list: null
---