---
bpm_rank: 92
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive has only drafted 2 players and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 2
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: -10642
draft_total_grade_bpm: F
draft_total_grade_vorp: F
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 9
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 9
draft_total_vorp: -1
draft_win_list: '<ul>

  </ul>'
end_year: 1992
final_bpm: -22538
final_vorp: -5
href: breweji01x
is_active: false
name: Jim Brewer
signing_description: This executive has only made 3 signings in free agency and thus
  doesn't have a signing grade.
signing_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Signed Tellis Frank in 1991.</li>

  </ul>'
signing_num_players: 3
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: null
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_vorp: null
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: null
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_vorp: null
signing_total_bpm: -2671
signing_total_grade_bpm: B
signing_total_grade_vorp: F
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 72
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 15
signing_total_vorp: 0
signing_win_list: '<ul>

  <li>Signed Dan Godfread in 1991.</li>

  </ul>'
start_year: 1990
team:
- Minnesota Timberwolves
team_shortcode:
- MIN
trade_description: This executive has only made one trade and thus doesn't have a
  trade grade.
trade_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Added Thurl Bailey, Tim Burroughs to MIN.</li>

  <li>Lost Tyrone Corbin to UTA.</li>

  </ul>'
trade_num: 3
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: -9225
trade_total_grade_bpm: D+
trade_total_grade_vorp: C
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 39
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 51
trade_total_vorp: -3
trade_win_list: null
---