---
bpm_rank: 65
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive hasn't drafted any players, and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 0
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 0
draft_total_grade_bpm: D+
draft_total_grade_vorp: D+
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 34
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 34
draft_total_vorp: 0
draft_win_list: null
end_year: 2016
final_bpm: -1056
final_vorp: 0
href: newtomi01x
is_active: false
name: Milt Newton
signing_description: This executive has only made 2 signings in free agency and thus
  doesn't have a signing grade.
signing_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Signed Greg Smith in 2016.</li>

  </ul>'
signing_num_players: 2
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: null
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_vorp: null
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: null
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_vorp: null
signing_total_bpm: -1056
signing_total_grade_bpm: B+
signing_total_grade_vorp: F
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 74
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 16
signing_total_vorp: 0
signing_win_list: null
start_year: 2015
team:
- Minnesota Timberwolves
team_shortcode:
- MIN
trade_description: This executive hasn't traded any players, and thus doesn't have
  a trade grade.
trade_lose_list: null
trade_num: 0
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: 0
trade_total_grade_bpm: C
trade_total_grade_vorp: B-
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 48
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 60
trade_total_vorp: 0
trade_win_list: null
---