---
bpm_rank: 61
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive hasn't drafted any players, and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 0
draft_overall_grade_bpm: null
draft_overall_grade_vorp: null
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 0
draft_total_grade_bpm: D+
draft_total_grade_vorp: D+
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 34
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 34
draft_total_vorp: 0
draft_win_list: null
end_year: 2022
final_bpm: 347
final_vorp: 0
href: guptasa99x
is_active: false
name: Sachin Gupta
signing_description: 'Sachin Gupta ranks in the 94th percentile for free agency signings
  among executives in our database. '
signing_lose_list: "\n    \n    <h5 id=\"bpm-toggle\">Their worst signings: </h5><ul\
  \ id=bpm-toggle>\n<li>Signed Chris Silva <span class=\"badge badge-pill badge-danger\"\
  \ data-bpm-text=\"-17\" data-vorp-text=\"-17.4\">-17</span> in 2021.</li>\n</ul>\n\
  \    "
signing_num_players: 5
signing_overall_grade_bpm: A
signing_overall_grade_vorp: C+
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: 90
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: 59
signing_rating_bpm: 0
signing_rating_grade_bpm: S
signing_rating_grade_vorp: A+
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: 99
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: 95
signing_rating_vorp: 0
signing_total_bpm: 347
signing_total_grade_bpm: A-
signing_total_grade_vorp: D-
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 80
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 23
signing_total_vorp: 0
signing_win_list: "\n    <h5 id=\"vorp-toggle\">Their best signings: </h5><ul id=vorp-toggle>\n\
  <li>Signed Greg Monroe <span class=\"badge badge-pill badge-success\" data-bpm-text=\"\
  +0\" data-vorp-text=\"+0.1\">+0.1</span> in 2022.</li>\n</ul>\n    <h5 id=\"bpm-toggle\"\
  >Their best signings: </h5><ul id=bpm-toggle>\n<li>Signed Greg Monroe <span class=\"\
  badge badge-pill badge-success\" data-bpm-text=\"+364\" data-vorp-text=\"+364.5\"\
  >+364</span> in 2022.</li>\n</ul>\n    "
start_year: 2021
team:
- Minnesota Timberwolves
team_shortcode:
- MIN
trade_description: This executive hasn't traded any players, and thus doesn't have
  a trade grade.
trade_lose_list: "\n    \n    \n    "
trade_num: 0
trade_overall_grade_bpm: null
trade_overall_grade_vorp: null
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: 0
trade_total_grade_bpm: C
trade_total_grade_vorp: B-
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 48
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 61
trade_total_vorp: 0
trade_win_list: "\n    \n    \n    "
---