---
bpm_rank: 56
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive hasn't drafted any players, and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 0
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 0
draft_total_grade_bpm: D+
draft_total_grade_vorp: D+
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 34
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 34
draft_total_vorp: 0
draft_win_list: null
end_year: 2020
final_bpm: 5864
final_vorp: -1
href: perrysc99x
is_active: false
name: Scott Perry
signing_description: This executive hasn't signed any players, and thus doesn't have
  a signing grade.
signing_lose_list: null
signing_num_players: 0
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: null
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_vorp: null
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: null
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_vorp: null
signing_total_bpm: 0
signing_total_grade_bpm: B+
signing_total_grade_vorp: D-
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 79
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 21
signing_total_vorp: 0
signing_win_list: null
start_year: 2020
team:
- New York Knicks
team_shortcode:
- NYK
trade_description: This executive has only made one trade and thus doesn't have a
  trade grade.
trade_lose_list: null
trade_num: 5
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: 5864
trade_total_grade_bpm: C+
trade_total_grade_vorp: C+
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 55
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 55
trade_total_vorp: -1
trade_win_list: '<ul>

  <li>Added Maurice Harkless, Udoka Azubuike, Jeremiah Robinson-Earl, Issuf Sanon
  to NYK.</li>

  <li>Lost Marcus Morris to LAC.</li>

  </ul>'
---