---
bpm_rank: 75
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive hasn't drafted any players, and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 0
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 0
draft_total_grade_bpm: D+
draft_total_grade_vorp: D+
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 34
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 34
draft_total_vorp: 0
draft_win_list: null
end_year: 2013
final_bpm: -6806
final_vorp: -1
href: dileoto99x
is_active: false
name: Tony DiLeo
signing_description: 'Tony DiLeo ranks in the 0th percentile for free agency signings
  among executives in our database. '
signing_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Signed Damien Wilkins in 2012.</li>

  <li>Signed Maalik Wayns in 2013.</li>

  <li>Signed Jeremy Pargo in 2013.</li>

  </ul>'
signing_num_players: 7
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: 36
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: 6
signing_rating_bpm: -1
signing_rating_grade_bpm: F
signing_rating_grade_vorp: F-
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: 5
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: 1
signing_rating_vorp: -1
signing_total_bpm: -6206
signing_total_grade_bpm: B
signing_total_grade_vorp: F
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 68
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 11
signing_total_vorp: -1
signing_win_list: null
start_year: 2012
team:
- Philadelphia 76ers
team_shortcode:
- PHI
trade_description: This executive has only made one trade and thus doesn't have a
  trade grade.
trade_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Added Charles Jenkins to PHI.</li>

  </ul>'
trade_num: 1
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: -600
trade_total_grade_bpm: C-
trade_total_grade_vorp: C+
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 45
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 57
trade_total_vorp: 0
trade_win_list: null
---