---
bpm_rank: 72
draft_bust_list: null
draft_description: This executive hasn't drafted any players, and thus doesn't have
  a draft grade.
draft_num_players: 0
draft_overall_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_bpm: null
draft_rating_grade_vorp: null
draft_rating_percentile_bpm: null
draft_rating_percentile_vorp: null
draft_rating_vorp: null
draft_total_bpm: 0
draft_total_grade_bpm: D+
draft_total_grade_vorp: D+
draft_total_percentile_bpm: 34
draft_total_percentile_vorp: 34
draft_total_vorp: 0
draft_win_list: null
end_year: 2012
final_bpm: -5682
final_vorp: 5
href: delnevi01x
is_active: false
name: Vinny Del Negro
signing_description: This executive has only made 4 signings in free agency and thus
  doesn't have a signing grade.
signing_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Signed Ryan Hollins in 2012.</li>

  <li>Signed Grant Hill in 2012.</li>

  <li>Signed Ronny Turiaf in 2012.</li>

  </ul>'
signing_num_players: 4
signing_overall_percentile_bpm: null
signing_overall_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_bpm: null
signing_rating_grade_vorp: null
signing_rating_percentile_bpm: null
signing_rating_percentile_vorp: null
signing_rating_vorp: null
signing_total_bpm: -7874
signing_total_grade_bpm: B-
signing_total_grade_vorp: D+
signing_total_percentile_bpm: 65
signing_total_percentile_vorp: 39
signing_total_vorp: 4
signing_win_list: null
start_year: 2012
team:
- Los Angeles Clippers
team_shortcode:
- LAC
trade_description: This executive has only made 3 trades and thus doesn't have a trade
  grade.
trade_lose_list: '<ul>

  <li>Added Willie Green to LAC.</li>

  <li>Lost Sofoklis Schortsanitis to ATL.</li>

  </ul>'
trade_num: 8
trade_overall_percentile_bpm: null
trade_overall_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_bpm: null
trade_rating_grade_vorp: null
trade_rating_percentile_bpm: null
trade_rating_percentile_vorp: null
trade_rating_vorp: null
trade_total_bpm: 2192
trade_total_grade_bpm: C
trade_total_grade_vorp: B-
trade_total_percentile_bpm: 51
trade_total_percentile_vorp: 65
trade_total_vorp: 0
trade_win_list: '<ul>

  <li>Added Cheick Diallo to LAC.</li>

  <li>Lost Reggie Evans, Marcus Paige to BRK.</li>

  </ul>'
---